Camera quality is amazingCharges wellGood storageDual SIMValue for moneyI really wanted the S23 Ultra because I like the curved edges, which my old phone also had, but no phone carrier or store had them in stock. I was nervous about ordering a phone off Amazon, but my order came fast, in the factory packaging, with no issues and a nice little gift (a charger) from the seller. Plus, the phone is everything I wanted: battery lasts for days, tons of storage, simple to transfer data from my old Galaxy, and charges quickly. All I had to do to set it up was transfer the SIM card. Overall, great buy.I wrote a review earlier BUT I did not know a charger did not come with the cell phone.  Normally a SIM Card is included but it was not.  The small items that should be include are not.  My delivery read left in mailbox; "NO" the box (Too large for the mailbox) and my mail was left on the front porch.  Also, the charge is not included.  Basically, you're just getting the phone with no SIM Card and the basic Charger.The cell is a great phone.The box does not come closed from the factory, You can tell somebody opened it and changed the seal. It also makes you download a Singaporean government app. Other than that everything works pretty good.Satisfied with the features, Android 14It is difficult to apply a screen protector due to the curved bezel.I have just started using the phone. My present location is in the Caribbean. It is functioning. I am using it to send this message. However, I believe because I use bluetooth with earplugs, the battery has to be charged ever so often.I prefer the fingerprint lock at the back for the S9. I do not like that the fingerpeint lock is on the face of the S-Ultra. I prefer the way the screenshots are done on the S9. To do screenshots on S-Ultra you have to press the volume up/down and power buttons, both located on the right side at the same time lightly. It took me some getting used to before I got it right. I am still familiarizing myself with the features on the S-Ultra. I will provide further updates as time progresses.This particular listing does not have the "may not work on 5g' disclaimer that some of the other unlocked S23 Ultra listings have so I bought it.  Popped in my sim, no 5G.  I have a post paid plan on AT&T in the U.S.  I tried using the APN settings that came in the box, no dice.  Factor reset, waiting, ect.  No matter what I tried, I was still stuck on AT&T's LTE network.  As a sanity check I put the same SIM right back into my Pixel 7 Pro and was right back on 5G and 5G+ within seconds.Also, for some reason, the phone was region locked to Singapore.  So I was being forced to install "SGSecure."  Its some Singapore police suspicious activity reporting app, and I don't need or want that.Sent it back asap but still waiting for the refund weeks laterI was super excited to get this phone. Unfortunately my cell provider didn't allow for this phone. After spending and hour trying to change the language and getting a SOVIET GOVERNMENT  message we decided to send it back as we would not be able to utilize the phone with our current provider. The phone was in great shape, but setup was an absolute nightmare due to all instructions being in a foreign language and the alarming government message. I've never seen something like that in my life.I thought Samsung made good products. Just not this one. Multiple issues.This was a good deal for the price point, and one of the few reputable places to get the green S23 ultra.  With the s24 issues, I wanted to replace my s23 ultra with the same.  Asurion is back-ordered so far they offered to pay me cash value.  So this is the direction I went.The problems weren't apparent until I tried to cut the SIM and LTE service over.  What you'll find with this device in the package is a card telling you the APN settings you'll need to apply.  This is where issues start however, that you couldn't save/apply the settings you were given - the apn registry will just disappear and you'd be left with CDMA apn only.  To keep the explanation simple I spent hours researching and playing with APN settings to no avail.  Voice service worked with the default APN settings that were registered to the SIM card, but SMS and MMS wouldn't.  Well in today's world of 2 factor Auth that's not good - especially since I've already registered most of 2FA to use SMS to my number.So I go to a Verizon store and spend 4 hours before the Superbowl trying to figure it out, adding new SIM(s)/ESIM(s) and nothing will get SMS to work.  I then realize that my watch LTE is not working either and we can't activate that due to the line sharing.  So we deactivate my line and attempt to re-activate each separately, and now my watch is the only one with service at all.  VZ tier 3 figures out a way to remove my account entirely from VZ network and re-add, and then I have a working watch LTE and phone except it's SMS only.  No MMS, no texts working to iPhone users, and super spotty coverage.  Eventually VZ decides to do a CLNR (certified like new replacement) to me for all this trouble.  BAM, this one works immediately with 0 issues.  Something about this global model and the service bands it uses caused serious troubles for me.If you're looking for a phone that handles basic SMS and LTE, then this does ok.  You just won't get mms to work domestic USA.  Also, Dual SIM won't work in US to run 2 lines, but you should be able to activate the second SIM on other country's providers.This phone is PERFECT if you plan to move overseas, however if you intend to use it in the US keep in mind that this phone will not be covered under Samsung's USA warranty. Furthermore, there are a number of networks that will NOT work with this phone such as Cricket, US wireless, Boost mobile, and a few others. Because of this, my phone received a very weak signal and I could barely hear or talk to any one I dialed. I ended up returning this and am still waiting for my refund and decided I would just go with official phones sold from Samsung, Google, and/or Best Buy.EDIT: Seller refunded me about a week after sending back. I wanted to add that the phone functioned just fine outside of cell signal reception and WIFI calling functioned flawlessly. However due to the region lock which I could not swap APNs on (including downloading the software), the Singaporean government app installed itself onto the phone for which I could not delete (I could delete it but it would come right back). Added 1 star because the phone functions fine and the seller was gracious in returns, but being unable to unlock the region/change APNs and the limitations in US carriers keeps my overall rating below average. Your mileage will vary...Iove this phone so far, but beware you will not be eligible for Samsung care+. This was very irritating as this was never disclosed anywhere on the listing. All it took was a 3" drop on to a smooth surface to crack the entire bottom half of the screen. Now I'm going to be paying an additional $350 for a screen repair on top of the $900 I already paid for the device. Thanks a lot universal goods. 🖕This phone is glitchy brand new out of the box...  When I try to scroll the screen jumps around and when I try to type it adds characters that I did not touch...This was advertised as a brand new phone but I think they gave me a remanufactured one with brand new screens put over top of a phone that had internal damage or something...The Amazon store is called the Samsung store so I thought I was getting a device directly from Samsung but it turns out that the seller is actually called technomaster and it's just using the Samsung name...Beware, just figure something else out and go through your cell phone company so that you will get a reliable device not a remanufactured polished turd...We bought this phone July of last year.  We paid just over a thousand dollars for the phone. Here we are I'm March and the phone is not taking calls,  it goes directly to voice mail. Finally, the phone company advised us that someone  puts a block on the IMEI chip/ number on the phone. We reached out to Samsung and they sent us to Amazon  which we connected with vendor  who told us we must have downloaded something ti block the phone.  I'd that's the case everyone's phone  would pretty much be blocked.  We were advised  that  this is something someone  who has access to the phone can do. Now  we're put of over one thousand dollars , no phone  and only 8 months since we bought this phone!Ordered this and I was sent the Singapore version of the Samsung phone. This isn't some US unlocked international version. This requires you install an app made by the Government of Singapore. Also overall the build quality felt poor. The side panels didn't line up well with the glass. It felt sharp in my hands, like some low budget version that Samsung has made in Vietnam (where this model was made). I bought one of these "international" versions of another phone like that and had endless trouble with support and getting 5g to work. STAY AWAY unless you are looking on sending data to a foreign government and dealing with a host of incompatibilities with 0 support.